When he fell, Kuranosuke did not pull out his spear.
He stuck his finger into the hole in his hand.
He tied it to the spear.
In this hole, he wrote,
I am here to kill Kuranosuke.
Kuranosuke is angry.
He is looking for Kuranosuke's spear.
When he turned around, three people were killed.
It was not a luxury, but in the snow, his fingers were frozen.
I will read it.
The snow is frozen.
But Yasube,
Do you have a pen?
Did you look inside this hole?
I haven't looked inside yet.
Let's look inside.
There is a man hiding in this hole.
His name is Ishiwatari Gunbei.
He was in a big trouble because the gate was open.
He was worried that no one would enter the hole.
He will look inside after he gets hit.
He tried to kill Yasube, but he was killed.
He was in a big trouble.
He was behind the gate.
When he looked inside, he was looking for Kuranosuke.
Yasube was hit.
Yasube, you are a coward.
You are a coward.
Yasube was hit.
He was hit.
Yasube was not looking back.
He was not looking back.
Although the Yasube was hit to his head,
He learned a little.
Doesn't Kira know about it?
Youjiro has searched through this hole.
You didn't have Kira as your problem,
because they still had their card boardoren 오classic sacks!